MM-62559 Add custom profile attributes to loadtests (#907)
mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng: docs/config/gencontroller.md

The number of public channels to be created.

## NumCPAFields

*int64*

> The number of Custom Profile Attribute fieldsto be created.

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
The number of Custom Profile Attribute fields to be created.
```
